README.md, before:

# Professional Firmware for the Creality Ender 3 V2/S1 Printers

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1.svg)
![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1.svg)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=Ender3V2S1-Released)](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/actions)

## Universal RET6/RCT6 Ender 3 V2/S1 Edition

Please test this firmware and let us know if it misbehaves in any way.
Volunteers are standing by!  
Precompiled binary files can be downloader from:
[Latest Release](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/releases/latest)

<img aling=left height=240 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/Ender-3V2.jpg" /> <img height=300 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/Ender-3S1.jpg" />
<BR/>

## Donations
Thank you for your support, I receive donations through [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/mriscoc) and [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/mriscoc)   

[<img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif">](https://www.paypal.com/donate?business=85SPAAR6UZEE8&currency_code=USD)   

## Wiki
 - [How to install the firmware](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/How-to-install-the-firmware)
 - [Installing a 3D/BLTouch](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/3D-BLTouch)
 - [Color themes](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/Color-Themes)
 - [How to use with Octoprint](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/Octoprint)
  
## Community links
* [Telegram](https://t.me/ender3v2s1firmware)
* [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Ender3v2Firmware) 
* [Ender 3V2 Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ender3v2firmware)
* [Ender 3S1 Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ender3s1printer)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/Ender3V2S1-Released/screenshots/main.jpg)

## Credits

This is a Marlin based firmware and is maintained by [@mriscoc](https://github.com/mriscoc)  

This work would not be possible without the supporters, helpers and betatesters at the **Telegram** group.

Marlin firmware is an Open Source project hosted on Github, [Marlin](https://marlinfw.org/) is owned and maintained by the maker community.  

## Disclaimer  

THIS FIRMWARE AND ALL OTHER FILES IN THE DOWNLOAD ARE PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE WITH NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE. SUPPORT IS NOT INCLUDED JUST BECAUSE YOU DOWNLOADED THE FIRMWARE. WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PRINTER, PERSON, OR ANY OTHER PROPERTY DUE TO USE OF THIS FIRMWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS THEN DO NOT USE THE FIRMWARE.

## LICENSE
For the license, check the header of each file, if the license is not specified there, the project license will be used. Marlin is licensed under the GPL.

Commit message:

adjusted max bed size for Y
determined that there is no need to run the Y bed size at 220, as 230 works just fine for it.

README.md, after:


This fork adds support for the TH3D EZABL and s specifically for the Creality v422 mainboard. The only other notable changes between this fork and the main branch is the X max bedsize has been adjusted to 220 instead of 230. The reason for this is the stock setup for a Voxelab Aquila X1 (original) 3d printer is that the max bed size for X is slightly smaller, and using 230 for the X max bed size will cause the X gantry to bang against the right side of the X gantry bracket that attaches to the right side Z extrusion unless you use a dremel with a cut off wheel to shave down the bolt size and in some cases and part of the bolt itself.

# Professional Firmware for the Creality Ender 3 V2/S1 Printers

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1.svg)
![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1.svg)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=Ender3V2S1-Released)](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/actions)

## Universal RET6/RCT6 Ender 3 V2/S1 Edition

Please test this firmware and let us know if it misbehaves in any way.
Volunteers are standing by!  
Precompiled binary files can be downloader from:
[Latest Release](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/releases/latest)

<img aling=left height=240 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/Ender-3V2.jpg" /> <img height=300 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/Ender-3S1.jpg" />
<BR/>

## Donations
Thank you for your support, I receive donations through [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/mriscoc) and [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/mriscoc)   

[<img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif">](https://www.paypal.com/donate?business=85SPAAR6UZEE8&currency_code=USD)   

## Wiki
 - [How to install the firmware](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/How-to-install-the-firmware)
 - [Installing a 3D/BLTouch](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/3D-BLTouch)
 - [Color themes](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/Color-Themes)
 - [How to use with Octoprint](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/Octoprint)
  
## Community links
* [Telegram](https://t.me/ender3v2s1firmware)
* [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Ender3v2Firmware) 
* [Ender 3V2 Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ender3v2firmware)
* [Ender 3S1 Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ender3s1printer)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/Ender3V2S1-Released/screenshots/main.jpg)

## Credits

This is a Marlin based firmware and is maintained by [@mriscoc](https://github.com/mriscoc)  

This work would not be possible without the supporters, helpers and betatesters at the **Telegram** group.

Marlin firmware is an Open Source project hosted on Github, [Marlin](https://marlinfw.org/) is owned and maintained by the maker community.  

## Disclaimer  

THIS FIRMWARE AND ALL OTHER FILES IN THE DOWNLOAD ARE PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE WITH NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE. SUPPORT IS NOT INCLUDED JUST BECAUSE YOU DOWNLOADED THE FIRMWARE. WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PRINTER, PERSON, OR ANY OTHER PROPERTY DUE TO USE OF THIS FIRMWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS THEN DO NOT USE THE FIRMWARE.

## LICENSE
For the license, check the header of each file, if the license is not specified there, the project license will be used. Marlin is licensed under the GPL.
